and good today we have a computer equipment
very interesting from the signature hewlett
packard and it's about the chromebook 14
what is this good this computer that
it looks like all the laptops there
out there to any other laptop that by
there but it has a good characteristic
interesting does not work with windows this
team is the chromebook works with the
operational chrome or is it google that is
that very easy google besides being the
search engine and all the tools that
we use every day the development
chrome browser a few years ago and
from there he came up with the idea of
that all your computational anxieties of
technology or internet access
could be resolved through a
only program in this case is the
browser from there they did what
they developed all software that can
operate a computer without need
of any other operation or anything
only chrome or is what
they have these equipment is called
generically chrome in this case this
is the chromebook 14 because the screens
of 14 inches
as I mentioned natural it seems a
laptop is a laptop is what I
I mean it looks like a computer with windows or
something like that but not when you open it
keyboard layout is very similar to
with my computer that you know the
screen is also very similar and what
change is that it lights instantly
they do not charge a small charge
program that you have there recorded in a
solid state drive is to say there's no
no moving part in this equipment and what
what you have on the screen is good about
how many icons so you can use it
as a guest is to say if you lend to
someone or something or of course the
you set up with your account of any
gmail service and and what your you
access to all the information you have
stored in the services of this
google company i know i can
enter for example to a very site
known to all of you 10 point com
and what I have experience looks like
more or less to use the browser
chrome on your computer is a browser
chrome nothing more than this one has some
additional features why
include some other functions that
they have to do with the computer as
is the wifi connection the layout of the
keyboard etcetera and there's also a
Pretty file manager
simple where these teams have a
memory space to store
information and also of course it
connect all the time to google drive
through the internet and it's a very
important this equipment is designed to
be used with an internet connection and or
I think that 90% of the time in
some occasions that we do not have
Internet connection is possible to tell
google or google services that do not
I have a connection and I want to use the
offline services this applies
to bring documents to read emails
and answering them does not stop
send them and other functions out there
all the applications that are in the
chrome web store applications for
chrome some serves no longer serve us
depending on what the application does
so much has to do with the computer or
with parts of other operating systems
but in general it is a team with some
interesting features as already
we mention screen
14 inch technology LEDs in
resolution 1366 x 768 pixels is a
intel processor celeron 2 cores
the graphics are also integrated
intel of 2 gigas in ram and storage
internal 16 gigas and when you buy this
google gives you 100 gigs for 2 years
so you can save what you can think of and
when the two years are over by
course they do not lose the information
google tells you hey you're going to end up if
you want to continue good because they pay the
quota that corresponds to these 100 gigas
the battery lasts longer or
less than up to 9 hours of active use on
keyboard is illuminated that is if not
there is a lot of natural light illuminates the
keyboard so you can keep working
let's see what it has of ports of a
side has a hdmi port so that
Take out video for presentations or what
that you need to make two usb ports and
The hearing aid and microphone port is the
security port you can put me a
padlock so they do not take it to
no part the computer and in the
another side we have another port
a sd card reader and the connector
to charge the battery through the
eliminator that is included by
course in this that is the chromebook of
14 inches the approximate price of 5
thousand pesos to see where you buy it
but it is the suggested price and the truth
is that using this equipment is a treat
You are combox in general because I close
the machine in a couple of seconds it
shutdown is ready to be transported
to take the iss to where you arrive
you open it
and it's ready to work a good
Internet connection is going to make us more
fast when there is an update
automatically warns me or I'm going to
update true if it takes 20 seconds and
updates and the machine is so simple to
use that comes with those instructions from
configuration where you can realize
that basically is to connect to the
current and turn on the es is everything
what to do here of course
explain in a little more detail what
that has where the antennas are for
connect wifi have the speakers for
listen to everything you need
internet the mouse includes some gestures
so you can move around the
screen and so on and it's basically the
information that this equipment includes
I insist it is very very easy to use
it's not a computer that replaces
a traditional computer the wave 'with
windows or a mac does not replace it but
yes you can meet 90 percent of
the needs of many people who do
all online through a browser
in this case through chrome they can
see your mail can enter networks
can enter the bank create
documents everything that is done
normally with a computer of these
features is the chromebook 14 of
hewlett packard and you're seeing it here
of course in 10 point com